feat(CORE-944): RefArch configuration (#802)
gruntwork-io/docs: _docs-sources/refarch/configuration/run-the-bootstrap-script.md

> # Step 1. Run the bootstrap script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Bootstrap your machine
```

Within your `infrastructure-live` repository, there are two bootstrap scripts: 
1. `bootstrap_unix.sh` which can be run on macOS and Linux machines
1. `bootstrap_windows.py` which runs on Windows machines

Choose the correct bootstrap script for your system. Both scripts perform the equivalent functionality. 

## What the bootstrap script does

The bootstrap script will: 
* Ensure you have required dependencies installed, such as the official `aws` command line tool and `git`

> * Ensure you are running the script in the correct place (the root of your `infrastructure-live` repository)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure you are running the script in the root of your `infrastructure-live` repository
```

* Ensure you have sufficient GitHub access to access and clone private Gruntwork repositories
* Download the Gruntwork installer 

> * Use the Gruntwork installer to install the Gruntwork command line interface (CLI) which contains the Reference Architecture configuration wizard, which will make a best effort attempt to automatically perform the required setup **actions**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the Gruntwork installer to install the Gruntwork command line interface (CLI) which contains the Reference Architecture configuration wizard. The wizard will make a best effort attempt to automatically perform the required setup **actions**
```

* Run the Gruntwork wizard to assist you in completing your Reference Architecture configuration steps

## The Gruntwork CLI wizard

The Gruntwork CLI wizard attempts to orchestrate all required configuration **actions**, such as: 
 1. Provisioning AWS accounts on your behalf for use in your Reference Architecture 

>  1. Creating the `GruntworkAccountAccess` IAM role in each of your Reference Architecture accounts which Gruntwork engineers as well as Gruntwork deployment tooling uses to access, and deploy resources into, your accounts 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Creating the `GruntworkAccountAccess` IAM role in each of your Reference Architecture accounts which is used by Gruntwork tooling and engineers to access and deploy resources into your accounts. 
```
